c:\users\inosoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AracServisTakip\AracServisTakip\bin\Debug\AracServisTakip.exe.config
c:\users\inosoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AracServisTakip\AracServisTakip\bin\Debug\AracServisTakip.exe
c:\users\inosoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AracServisTakip\AracServisTakip\bin\Debug\AracServisTakip.pdb
c:\users\inosoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AracServisTakip\AracServisTakip\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\inosoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AracServisTakip\AracServisTakip\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\inosoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AracServisTakip\AracServisTakip\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
c:\users\inosoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AracServisTakip\AracServisTakip\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
c:\users\inosoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AracServisTakip\AracServisTakip\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
c:\users\inosoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AracServisTakip\AracServisTakip\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\inosoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AracServisTakip\AracServisTakip\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\inosoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AracServisTakip\AracServisTakip\obj\Debug\AracServisTakip.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\inosoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AracServisTakip\AracServisTakip\obj\Debug\AracServisTakip.Form1.resources
c:\users\inosoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AracServisTakip\AracServisTakip\obj\Debug\AracServisTakip.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\inosoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AracServisTakip\AracServisTakip\obj\Debug\AracServisTakip.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\inosoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AracServisTakip\AracServisTakip\obj\Debug\AracServisTakip.exe
c:\users\inosoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AracServisTakip\AracServisTakip\obj\Debug\AracServisTakip.pdb
c:\Users\inoSoma\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AracServisTakip\AracServisTakip\bin\Debug\Devart.Data.SQLite.dll
c:\Users\inoSoma\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AracServisTakip\AracServisTakip\bin\Debug\System.Data.SqlServerCe.dll
c:\Users\inoSoma\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AracServisTakip\AracServisTakip\bin\Debug\Devart.Data.dll
c:\Users\inoSoma\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AracServisTakip\AracServisTakip\bin\Debug\Devart.Data.SQLite.xml
c:\Users\inoSoma\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AracServisTakip\AracServisTakip\bin\Debug\Devart.Data.xml
c:\Users\inoSoma\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AracServisTakip\AracServisTakip\bin\Debug\ServisTakip.s3db
C:\Users\inoSoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AracServisTakip\AracServisTakip\obj\Debug\AracServisTakip.Musteri.resources
C:\Users\inoSoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AracServisTakip\AracServisTakip\obj\Debug\AracServisTakip.Arac.resources
C:\Users\inoSoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AracServisTakip\AracServisTakip\obj\Debug\AracServisTakip.Servis.resources
C:\Users\inoSoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AracServisTakip\AracServisTakip\bin\Debug\x64\SQLite.Interop.dll
C:\Users\inoSoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AracServisTakip\AracServisTakip\bin\Debug\x86\SQLite.Interop.dll
C:\Users\inoSoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AracServisTakip\AracServisTakip\bin\Debug\x64\System.Data.SQLite.dll
C:\Users\inoSoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AracServisTakip\AracServisTakip\bin\Debug\x64\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
C:\Users\inoSoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AracServisTakip\AracServisTakip\bin\Debug\x64\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
C:\Users\inoSoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AracServisTakip\AracServisTakip\bin\Debug\x86\System.Data.SQLite.dll
C:\Users\inoSoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AracServisTakip\AracServisTakip\bin\Debug\x86\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
C:\Users\inoSoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AracServisTakip\AracServisTakip\bin\Debug\x86\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
C:\Users\inoSoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AracServisTakip\AracServisTakip\bin\Debug\AracServisTakip.exe.manifest
C:\Users\inoSoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AracServisTakip\AracServisTakip\bin\Debug\AracServisTakip.application
C:\Users\inoSoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AracServisTakip\AracServisTakip\obj\Debug\AracServisTakip.exe.manifest
C:\Users\inoSoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AracServisTakip\AracServisTakip\obj\Debug\AracServisTakip.application
C:\Users\inoSoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AracServisTakip\AracServisTakip\bin\Debug\Devart.Data.SQLite.Design.dll
C:\Users\inoSoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AracServisTakip\AracServisTakip\bin\Debug\Devart.Data.SQLite.Vs.dll
C:\Users\inoSoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AracServisTakip\AracServisTakip\bin\Debug\Devart.Data.Design.dll
C:\Users\inoSoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AracServisTakip\AracServisTakip\bin\Debug\EnvDTE.dll
C:\Users\inoSoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AracServisTakip\AracServisTakip\bin\Debug\VSLangProj.dll
C:\Users\inoSoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AracServisTakip\AracServisTakip\bin\Debug\VsWebSite.Interop.dll
C:\Users\inoSoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AracServisTakip\AracServisTakip\bin\Debug\stdole.dll
C:\Users\inoSoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AracServisTakip\AracServisTakip\obj\Debug\AracServisTakip.csproj.AracServisTakip.exe.config
C:\Users\inoSoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AracServisTakip\AracServisTakip\obj\Debug\AracServisTakip.detay.resources
C:\Users\inoSoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AracServisTakip\AracServisTakip\obj\Debug\AracServisTakip.aracdetay.resources
C:\Users\inoSoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AracServisTakip\AracServisTakip\obj\Debug\AracServisTakip.Musteridetay.resources
C:\Users\inoSoma\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AracServisTakip\AracServisTakip\bin\Debug\EnvDTE.xml
C:\Users\inoSoma\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AracServisTakip\AracServisTakip\bin\Debug\VSLangProj.xml
